Add release note for submariner PR#2576 (#1054)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

  liveness probes.
* Submariner now uses case-insensitive comparison while parsing CNI names.
* Enhanced Calico CNI detection now includes searching for calico-node CNI pods when the calico-config map is not detected.

> * Submariner now automatically creates Calico IPPools for the subnets associated with the Pod and Service CIDRs of remote clusters.

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention here that running [Calico API server](https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/operations/install-apiserver#how-to) is a prerequisite for this capability

> * Submariner now automatically creates Calico IPPools for the subnets associated with the Pod and Service CIDRs of remote clusters.

Reviewer 2: Lets avoid Pod and Service CIDRs as it does not apply for Globalnet deployments.

```suggestion
* Submariner now automatically creates the necessary Calico IPPools for remote cluster connectivity when the Calico API Server is installed within in the cluster.
```
